{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang29 Project Report for "WEB4 - OMGZ SHOES" I will divide the answers in different files because it's more than 500 words.\par
\par
Written by "Joseph Alfred Nashed"\par
For "VG"\par
I wrote/described more in each question to reach the VG \par
\par
\b 1- How do you experience your own work effort so far and what it has given the team.?\par
\b0 From the beginning of this project it showed me that there is many things that I will need to work on. So my work effort on this project was a lot divided in two parts. First part started by working on myself - work on myself means taking my energy, time and focus on the new challenge that I need to pass  with other members in the same team. The second part was trying to figure out how/which tools that I gonna use on this project. I went through all labs and lessons that I had at school as a way of helping and refreshing my memory. Part of the project needed some tools "Visual Studio" , "SQL Server" and "Jira" that I didn't work with before so I spent hours on internet trying to understand and learn how to use them. To combine java script code with Selenium thing that I learned during this project and it added a lot  of my understanding on how to use robot framework. My part as a tester was collecting necessary questions and presenting it to the team "specially for Developers" to design relevant testing scenarios.  I was helping other team members when needed. I tried to have more Stand up meetings but it was difficult from the Dev team because they were busy with other lecture that was at the same time as the project. I was  to engaged in discussions about issues with the project on different days/hours than our daily meeting to help come to an effective resolution. \par
\par
\b - What all this has given the team?\par
\b0 Improving myself on using all these tools helped the team on keeping going with stable tempo on this project and providing new Technics for testing thus assuring good quality for the product . I could test and do retest in shorter time than I used to take in the beginning. The estimate time that we decided on testing a feature became shorter so we could add more User Stories in the next Sprint. \par
Jira was a very helpful tool, it makes our work easy and effective. All the team can see what we are working on and which feature have a bug and which test case the tester are working on and much more. By learning using this tool I helped the team to move on the development process of the project. I mean that they can see what is Done or still on testing or what is Complete and what is not functioning correctly.\par
\par
\b 2- How do you experience teamwork and the efforts of other team members?\par
\b0 Understand the end goal. Since the project has a defined ending, it was important that each member of the team knows his own role. We were very cooperative and helping each other in things that we can. This was clearly important to project team members from the beginning. We avoided to make/take individual decisions to reduce confusion and re-work. We took the project as steps and break them down into definable tasks that we can get our hands around. By breaking the tasks down the work won't feel so hard. We started the first Sprint with only a few of "User Stories" and other tasks that we needed to understand about. Then when we reached the deadline and started the 2nd sprint we became much better and learned from our mistakes on 1st sprint. The we were on track much more successfully.\par
\par
\b 3- What has been most difficult during the project work?\par
\b0 Project was very complex in the beginning. We used several tools that we never used before not even during the education time at school. To figure out how it works and how i should connect all of them together and which commands I will use, that was the most difficult part of the project.\par
To use MSBUILD on Jenkins. Visual Studio and how to connect it with GITHUB to avoid cloning the Repo all the time when new features has been added or any changing been modified.  Developers didn't create Id's on each function and that made it very difficult for us as Testers to remember the xpath that we used in our code on Selenium robot framework. Communications problem, misunderstanding each other sometimes because we only use online programs to communicate with each other. Discord wasn't the best program to use for writing our comments or complain for the team.\par
\par
\b 4- What has been easy during the project work?\par
\b0 Create a project document on my laptop that include all tools that I need to use and all materials that I will read to reach my goal on this project. \par
Define the roles, responsibilities, and resources. My tasks were defined directly after a long discussion .\par
Daily scrum was smoothly done and was efficient.\par
\par
\b 5- Evaluate work done with a sprint review and give feedback on their own as well as others' efforts in the team\b0\par
Examples of activities where you can meet the criteria (you can also make your own links to the criteria):\par
Comment in Jira in the stories you work with (problems, remaining work, etc)\par
Create User Stories, Tasks & Sub-Tasks in Jira\par
I been working on different User Stories and this is one of them.\par
\par
On the 1st and 2nd pictures I want to show you that I came out with this idea that I write my Test Cases inside the User Story so they can have the same extension number and easy to reach.\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://ithsjira.infotiv.se/browse/WEB4-22 }}{\fldrslt{http://ithsjira.infotiv.se/browse/WEB4-22\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  \par
\par
On the 3rd pic you can see how I wrote my test case with a Title and the criteria that need to be tested it's written on comments. Signed by my name Joseph Alfred\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://ithsjira.infotiv.se/browse/WEB4-92 }}{\fldrslt{http://ithsjira.infotiv.se/browse/WEB4-92\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  \par
\par
Here is an example of one of few bug reports that I created on a function that had a problem. The report is guiding the Developer were exactly the bug is existing. \par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://ithsjira.infotiv.se/browse/WEB4-111 }}{\fldrslt{http://ithsjira.infotiv.se/browse/WEB4-111\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://ithsjira.infotiv.se/browse/WEB4-112 }}{\fldrslt{http://ithsjira.infotiv.se/browse/WEB4-112\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b 6- Active participation at team meetings\b0\par
I was active all the time on discord and on Jira plus the daily meeting that we had during our project. We used different programs for better communications such as slack, Discord, Google drive . \par
I came up with new ideas for efficient testing and delivering good quality product,   example : using java script code on my testing on Selenium robot framework .\par
I initiated extra individual calls with developers for further discussions and explanations about user stories .\par
\par
\b 7- Take up Good, Improvements & Actions at Retrospective. Provide suggestions for further \b0 development under Sprint Review\par
I came up with the idea " each function should have a unique id so it will be easy for us as testers to avoid any misunderstanding of our code that is been written with xpath " .\par
On one function I told the Dev to create a clear shopping cart button on the shopping cart function so it will be easy for a customer to erase/delete the cart.\par
I told all members that it's better to create bugs on Jira and not only telling each other on Discord that there is a problem on this function or this function to be able to keep tracking. So it became more effective that way and easy to see what is been re-developed to be able to re-test it.\par
\par
\b Please check my work on JIRA that is signed by my name on WEB4-TEAM\par
Please check my work on GITHUB  \par
{\b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/zeeumair/web-teem-4/tree/CreateUserAccount-WEB4-22_Test }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/zeeumair/web-teem-4/tree/CreateUserAccount-WEB4-22_Test\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/zeeumair/web-teem-4/tree/WEB4-40_ShoppingCart_Test }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/zeeumair/web-teem-4/tree/WEB4-40_ShoppingCart_Test\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/zeeumair/web-teem-4/tree/WEB4-85_ClearShoppingCart_Test }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/zeeumair/web-teem-4/tree/WEB4-85_ClearShoppingCart_Test\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/zeeumair/web-teem-4/tree/WEB4-120_GoogleLogin_Test }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/zeeumair/web-teem-4/tree/WEB4-120_GoogleLogin_Test\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/zeeumair/web-teem-4/tree/WEB4-136_OrderJoke_Test }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/zeeumair/web-teem-4/tree/WEB4-136_OrderJoke_Test\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/zeeumair/web-teem-4/tree/WEB4-40_ShoppingCart_Test/AutoTest/Test%20Cases-WEB4-29 }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/zeeumair/web-teem-4/tree/WEB4-40_ShoppingCart_Test/AutoTest/Test%20Cases-WEB4-29\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/zeeumair/web-teem-4/tree/WEB4-40_ShoppingCart_Test/AutoTest/Test%20Cases-WEB4-26 }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/zeeumair/web-teem-4/tree/WEB4-40_ShoppingCart_Test/AutoTest/Test%20Cases-WEB4-26\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
}
 